so the team portal has some things mixed up.

The crew tab should be in the owners dashboard, not the team portal, the asset library should be per project, because it will just be google drive technically, and each project will have a google drive folder, and then team memebers can access docs and work on them even outside the platform. they just update as references inside the platform. The schedule should show a per project schedule, like a list with a general overview but then if you click each you get a detailed construction like scheudle of the status and progress of the projects you are a part of.

The messages board is good, just slack, people will be able to use it here and just directly on slack with their devices.

Clients is another tab that should only be for the owners dashboard.

Projects is the meat of everything, everythign revolves areound projects, projects have to have the assets tab inside each project, it must have a list of all the deliverabes and milestones to make it to those deliverables as a checklist so that crew can check things off as they work on them. It has to be a good filetering and seaching system so if you have a ton of projects you can find everything easily, but inside each project is going to be a ton. and it has to be expandable, we have to be able to add services to the projects as the client increases the scope. The add services should be defined, there should be a huge list of common ad services that we can select from... these would be logged with prices hopefull or triggering an add service to a project would put the project on a re-estimation phase notifying the client and the owner and they's figure it out. But yeah we need to be able to add services, BUT the team portal shouldnt be able to add new projects, that should be a feature just for the owners dashboard.

The dashboard section of the team portal should show the status of the crew individuals work, what deadlines are coming up, what needs attention or review, stuff like that.